**Privacy Policy**

This privacy policy applies to the GardenBuddy App app (hereby referred to as "Application") for mobile devices that was created by DeadlyHippo Studios LLC (hereby referred to as "Service Provider") as a Commercial service. This service is intended for use "AS IS".

**What information does the Application obtain and how is it used?**

The Application does not obtain any information when you download and use it. Registration is not required to use the Application.

**Does the Application collect precise real time location information of the device?**

This Application does not collect precise information about the location of your mobile device.

**Tracking and Advertising**

The Application uses third-party advertising services, which may collect certain data and use device identifiers to deliver personalized ads. This may involve tracking users across apps and websites owned by other companies. Tracking is only used for advertising and analytics purposes and does not include any personally identifiable information collected directly by the Service Provider.

You may choose to allow or deny tracking when prompted by your device. If you deny tracking, you will still see ads, but they may be less relevant.

**Do third parties see and/or have access to information obtained by the Application?**

Third-party advertising partners may access limited information such as device identifiers, ad performance data, and general usage information in order to serve ads and measure their effectiveness. No personally identifiable information is collected by the Service Provider.

**What are my opt-out rights?**

You can stop all collection of information by the Application easily by uninstalling it. You may use the standard uninstall processes as may be available as part of your mobile device or via the mobile application marketplace or network.

You can also manage or revoke ad tracking permissions through your device settings at any time.

**Children**

The Application is not used to knowingly solicit data from or market to children under the age of 13.

The Service Provider does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children. The Service Provider encourages all children to never submit any personally identifiable information through the Application and/or Services. The Service Provider encourage parents and legal guardians to monitor their children's Internet usage and to help enforce this Policy by instructing their children never to provide personally identifiable information through the Application and/or Services without their permission. If you have reason to believe that a child has provided personally identifiable information to the Service Provider through the Application and/or Services, please contact the Service Provider (gardenbuddysupport@mailfence.com) so that they will be able to take the necessary actions. You must also be at least 16 years of age to consent to the processing of your personally identifiable information in your country (in some countries we may allow your parent or guardian to do so on your behalf).

**Security**

The Service Provider is concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. The Application does not directly collect personal data, but third-party advertising providers may collect limited device and usage data. Such providers implement reasonable security measures to protect this data.

**Changes**

This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason. The Service Provider will notify you of any changes to their Privacy Policy by updating this page with the new Privacy Policy. You are advised to consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes, as continued use is deemed approval of all changes.

This privacy policy is effective as of 2025-09-14

**Your Consent**

By using the Application, you are consenting to the processing of your information as set forth in this Privacy Policy now and as amended by the Service Provider.

**Contact Us**

If you have any questions regarding privacy while using the Application, or have questions about the practices, please contact the Service Provider via email at support@deadlyhippostudios.com.

* * *

This privacy policy page was generated by [App Privacy Policy Generator](https://app-privacy-policy-generator.nisrulz.com/) and further edited and customized to the specifics of the Application.
